Release 0.14 (#134)
okteto/docs: src/content/enterprise/administration/configuration.mdx

### applications

> - `repository`: The [Helm repository](/docs/cloud/deploy-from-helm/) available for every developer. By default, deploying from a Helm repository isn't available.

Reviewer: how do we enable/disable this feature? Can we add that on the doc?

```suggestion
- `repository`: The [Helm repository](/docs/cloud/deploy-from-helm/) available for every developer. This is disabled by default. To enable, set the `XXXX` property to `YYYY`
```

### applications

> - `repository`: The [Helm repository](/docs/cloud/deploy-from-helm/) available for every developer. This is disabled by default. To enable, set the `XXXX` property to `YYYY`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `repository`: The [Helm repository](/docs/cloud/deploy-from-helm/) available for every developer. This is disabled by default. To enable, set the `applications.repository` property to your Helm registry URL
```
